{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <strong>References</strong>\
<div>\
  <a href="#" id="toggleReferences" style="color: black; text-decoration: underline;">References</a>\
  <div id="referenceList" style="display: none;">\
    <ol>\
      <li>Survival Analysis by Molecular Subtype for Surgically Treated Breast Cancer Spine Metastases. (2023). <i>Neurosurgery</i>, <i>69</i>(Supplement_1), 30\'9631.</li>\
      <li>Metastatic Breast Cancer to the Spine: Outcomes After the Introduction of Small Molecule Inhibitors. (2022). In <i>Neurosurgery</i> (Vol. 68, pp. 134\'96134).</li>\
      <li>A Case of Spinal Cord Metastasis from Breast Cancer Successfully Treated with Trastuzumab Deruxtecan. (2023). <i>Gan to Kagaku Ryoho. Cancer & Chemotherapy</i>, <i>50</i>(6), 719\'96722.</li>\
      <li>Intramedullary spinal cord metastases in breast cancer with multiple central nervous system (CNS) metastases: A case report. (2024). <i>Chinese Clinical Oncology</i>, <i>13</i>(Suppl 1), AB008\'96AB008.</li>\
      <li>Assessment of Spinal Metastases Surgery Risk Stratification Tools in Breast Cancer by Molecular Subtype. (2022). <i>Neurosurgery</i>, <i>92</i>(1), 83\'9691.</li>\
      <li>Combined Ablation and Radiation Therapy of Spinal Metastases: A Novel Multimodality Treatment Approach. (2015). <i>Pain Physician</i>, <i>18</i>(6), 573\'96581.</li>\
      <li>Combined Vertebral Augmentation and Radiofrequency Ablation in the Management of Spinal Metastases: An Update. (2017). <i>Current Treatment Options in Oncology</i>, <i>18</i>(12), 74\'9674.</li>\
      <li>Aromatase inhibitors in breast cancer. (2024). Makedonskaia, S.</li>\
      <li>Optimal Endocrine Therapy for Premenopausal Women with Breast Cancer. (2024). Makedonskaia, S.</li>\
      <li>Metastatic breast cancer in the spine: Molecular predictors for choosing adequate treatment strategies. (2018). <i>Orthopade</i>, <i>47</i>(7), 594\'96603.</li>\
      <li>Metastatic Breast Cancer to the Spine: Incidence of Somatic Gene Alterations and Association of Targeted Therapies With Overall Survival. (2023). <i>Neurosurgery</i>, <i>92</i>(6), 1183\'961191.</li>\
      <li>Multidisciplinary management of vertebral metastases in patients not amenable to surgery. (2016). <i>4</i>(2), 23\'9633.</li>\
      <li>Neuroimaging and Stereotactic Body Radiation Therapy (SBRT) for Spine Metastasis. (2019). <i>Topics in Magnetic Resonance Imaging</i>, <i>28</i>(2), 85\'9696.</li>\
      <li>Newer PET Application with an Old Tracer: Role of 18F-NaF Skeletal PET/CT in Oncologic Practice. (n.d.).</li>\
      <li>Prognostic Factors for Bone Survival and Functional Outcomes in Patients With Breast Cancer Spine Metastases. (2022). <i>Technology in Cancer Research & Treatment</i>, <i>21</i>, 153303382211226\'96153303382211226.</li>\
      <li>Radiation Therapy for Oncologic Spine Pain. (2020), pp. 445\'96452.</li>\
      <li>Short-term outcomes after spinal surgery for metastatic breast cancer: A single-center analysis. (2024). <i>Journal of Craniovertebral Junction and Spine</i>, <i>15</i>(3), 284\'96289.</li>\
      <li>Spinal Metastasis and Spinal Tumors. (2021), pp. 109\'96134.</li>\
      <li>Spine Metastases in Immunocompromised Mice after Intracardiac Injection of MDA-MB-231-SCP2 Breast Cancer Cells. (2022). <i>Cancers</i>, <i>14</i>(3), 556\'96556.</li>\
      <li>Spine-specific downregulation of LAPTM5 expression promotes the progression and spinal metastasis of estrogen receptor-positive breast cancer by activating glutamine-dependent mTOR signaling. (2022). <i>International Journal of Oncology</i>, <i>60</i>(4).</li>\
      <li>Tratamento das met\'e1stases vertebrais. (2014). <i>22</i>(4), 350\'96359.</li>\
      <li>Vertebral body metastasis. (2018), pp. 177\'96188.</li>\
    </ol>\
  </div>\
</div>\
\
<script>\
  document.getElementById("toggleReferences").addEventListener("click", function (e) \{\
    e.preventDefault();\
    const referenceList = document.getElementById("referenceList");\
    if (referenceList.style.display === "none") \{\
      referenceList.style.display = "block";\
    \} else \{\
      referenceList.style.display = "none";\
    \}\
  \});\
</script>}